README.md, before:

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AshiVered/support-israel-banner/main/assets/support-israel-banner.jpg)

# QinBoard T9 keypad IME for Android.
(fork of https://github.com/Clam-/TraditionalT9/.)

This is a Input Method Editor for Android that implements predictive text using the hardware keypad on the device. **Useless without a hardware numerical keypad.**

This fork has been specially adapted for Qin devices, but it works for any device where the backspace key is in the "back" key.
Also, this fork is with a keymap similar to that of Nokia devices, and not like the original project - where it is a Sony Ericsson keymap.

See Wiki for more information&setup guide: [QinBoard T9 keypad IME for Android](https://github.com/AshiVered/QinBoard-T9/wiki)

# To-do list
1. fix [this issue](https://github.com/sspanak/tt9/issues/182) in QinBoard T9.
2. ~~add symbol & smiley by long click on star~~ DONE! V3 and higher.
3. ~~Add help screen~~ DONE! V5.2-beta and higher
4. ~~Add setup option (to make the keyboard easier to operate and set it to a default input method)~~ DONE! V6 and higher.
5. ~~Setting classic typing (without text prediction) by default, so that it is possible to use the keyboard even before loading the dictionary.~~ DONE! V5.1-beta and higher
6. Add more languages.
7. A more modern UI. - *Some of the changes have already been made in V5.1-beta*
8. ~~navigate through the words using the dial key (KEYCODE_CALL).~~ DONE! V4 and higher.
9. Add option to new line.
10. fix load user option in Android 12 and higher.
# Download
QinBoard-T9 (this fork):
from the [releases page](https://github.com/AshiVered/QinBoard-T9/releases).
TraditionalT9 (orginal project):
available on Google Play: [Traditional T9 Keypad IME](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.nyanya.android.traditionalt9)
# License
Do what you want, but keep the following in mind:
1. **Commercial use is prohibited.** If you want to make commercial use, contact me.
2. The application icon.
3. Name of the application (QinBoard T9).
4. "Developed By A.I.V" in the application settings.
5. Do not change the terms of the license

# Support me
I develop this project voluntarily, to benefit the community. But it's not an easy job with a lot of investment...
If you want to support me, [buy me a coffee ☕](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ashivered)



I LOVE ISRAEL.
Enjoy!

Commit message:

V7
WHAT'S NEW?
* Add Vietnamese
* Change action of call key

README.md, after:

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AshiVered/support-israel-banner/main/assets/support-israel-banner.jpg)

# QinBoard T9 keypad IME for Android.
(fork of https://github.com/Clam-/TraditionalT9/.)

This is a Input Method Editor for Android that implements predictive text using the hardware keypad on the device. **Useless without a hardware numerical keypad.**

This fork has been specially adapted for Qin devices, but it works for any device where the backspace key is in the "back" key.
Also, this fork is with a keymap similar to that of Nokia devices, and not like the original project - where it is a Sony Ericsson keymap.

See Wiki for more information&setup guide: [QinBoard T9 keypad IME for Android](https://github.com/AshiVered/QinBoard-T9/wiki)

# To-do list
1. Fix [this issue](https://github.com/sspanak/tt9/issues/182) in QinBoard T9.
2. ~~add symbol & smiley by long click on star~~ DONE! V3 and higher.
3. ~~Add help screen~~ DONE! V5.2-beta and higher
4. ~~Add setup option (to make the keyboard easier to operate and set it to a default input method)~~ DONE! V6 and higher.
5. ~~Setting classic typing (without text prediction) by default, so that it is possible to use the keyboard even before loading the dictionary.~~ DONE! V5.1-beta and higher
6. Add more languages.
7. A more modern UI. - *Some of the changes have already been made in V5.1-beta*
8. ~~navigate through the words using the dial key (KEYCODE_CALL).~~ DONE! V4 and higher. (in v7 i replace the action of call key. (see item 11 in this list)).
9. Add option to new line in Qin1s+.
10. Fix load user option in Android 12 and higher.
11. ~~Change input modes (Dictionary, text, numbers) by one click~~ DONE! V7 and higher. *by preesing dial key (KEYCODE_CALL)*
12. Fix some scroll up/scroll down issues (for example, in Tfilon app).
# Download
QinBoard-T9 (this fork):
from the [releases page](https://github.com/AshiVered/QinBoard-T9/releases).
TraditionalT9 (orginal project):
available on Google Play: [Traditional T9 Keypad IME](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.nyanya.android.traditionalt9)
# License
Do what you want, but keep the following in mind:
1. **Commercial use is prohibited.** If you want to make commercial use, contact me.
2. The application icon.
3. Name of the application (QinBoard T9).
4. "Developed By A.I.V" in the application settings.
5. Do not change the terms of the license

# Support me
I develop this project voluntarily, to benefit the community. But it's not an easy job with a lot of investment...
If you want to support me, [buy me a coffee ☕](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/ashivered)



I LOVE ISRAEL.
Enjoy!
